chore: delete and edit changesets (#7714)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/brown-badgers-dream.md

'@swisspost/design-system-components': minor
---

> Added the `post-language-option` component, a header component made to enable users to select their preferred language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added the `post-language-menu-item` component, a header component made to enable users to select their preferred language.
```
